[Music]
if you look around you'll see there is
no Universal way to become rich
sometimes even the wildest ideas can
become really successful and make you a
millionaire and that's exactly what
happened to these twelve ordinary people
joy Mangano and the miracle mop back in
the 90s joy Mangano an airline
reservations manager had had enough of
ordinary mops so she invented her own
plastic miracle mop that's easy to wring
out without getting your hands wet with
a little help from her friends and her
own savings she manufactured 100 units
and started selling them at trade shows
and her persistence and passion paid off
by 1995 she earned her first million
this success inspired her to create and
patent more than 100 other useful things
like huggable hangers forever fragrant
and many others famous American director
David O'Russell even made a biopic about
Mangano called joy Guy Laliberte and
Cirque de Soleil Guy Laliberte was a
simple street artist when he got the
idea to establish a unique circus in
1984 he got a government grant and
created his own circus of the Sun or as
people now know it Cirque du Soleil
originally Cirque du Soleil was a
one-year project but it put on such
terrific shows that the government of
Quebec decided it should perform in
other provinces as well needless to say
guy was involved in the creation of
every Cirque du Soleil show right from
the beginning this crazy idea brought
guy a few billion dollars and allowed
him to become the first-ever Canadian
space tourist
Richard T jeans and the slinky one of
the first things that comes to mind when
you think about the 1990s is the bright
rainbow slinky
remember those they were actually
invented by naval engineer Richard T
James back in 1943 one ordinary day when
he was working with tension Springs he
accidentally dropped one of them
Richard was fascinated by the way the
spring kept moving after hitting the
ground and it gave him a brand new toy
idea his wife came up with the name
slinky and by Christmas
the couple had already made 400 toys the
success was phenomenal the toys became a
huge hit and were sold within just 90
minutes slinkys are still going strong
by the way with about a quarter of a
million of them sold every single day
Gary Dahl and pet rock Pet Rock's
massive success actually originated from
one simple joke the future founder of
the company Gary Dahl was hanging out
with his friends in a bar listening to
them complaining about their pets you
know what the perfect pet would be awry
Gary Joe and that's how the idea was
born Dahl started selling rocks as pets
complete with funny and witty
instruction books detailing how to take
care of the rock when to walk it and
what to do if it got sick or died dolls
business lasted only six months but it
still made him a millionaire vibran
Reese and Santa Mayo getting a letter
from Santa is the ultimate dream right
that's what led Byron Reese to open up
his own Santa mail company Reese found a
legitimate address in the North Pole and
started to send letters from Santa to
kids all over the world the letter looks
real with a stamp that would convince
even the most skeptical child the
service costs only $10 and Reese takes
requests from parents every single year
ronnie DeLillo and doggles
one day Ronnie de Lolo noticed his dog
squinting in bright light normal
sunglasses were completely useless so he
decided to make some for the dogs and
call them doggles Lolo did his research
and found the perfect and atomic
construction to fit dogs heads and
protect their eyes at the same time
obviously dog lovers fell in love with
the product and Ronnie quickly earned
his first million but he didn't stop
there
he still continues to expand his company
and invent new helpful things for pets
Kenna Roni and lucky break wishbone you
probably know the tradition to break the
turkey breast bone on Thanksgiving Day
you make a wish and break it and if you
get the bigger part it'll come true
so can arathi made a whole business out
of this popular ritual he produces and
distributes wishbones for three dollars
a piece of course he's a millionaire now
and as tons of happy customers Jonah
white and rich Bailey and billy-bob
teeth back in 1993 Jonah white went to
watch a football game at his University
in the crowd he saw a guy with the
strangest teeth ever laughing and
flirting with girls white was amazed by
his confidence and went up to say hi the
guy's name was rich Bailey and they
quickly became great friends later they
decided to monetize the ugly teeth idea
and launched billy-bob teeth egg since
then they've sold twenty million pieces
of billy-bob teeth and different designs
and are very rich man Joe Pelletier II
and big mouth Billy bass big mouth Billy
bass the funny fish that you've probably
seen attached to a wall somewhere was
invented by a guy named Joe Pelletier II
back in 1998 this fish can actually do
way more than you think it moves and
sings different songs when you press the
button so it's no wonder that it quickly
became an extremely popular element of
pop culture
making Pella Thierry a very successful
and wealthy man Garry Clegg and the
Slanket in 1997 a lifelong problem of
not wanting to take your hands out from
under a blanket was finally solved Garry
Clegg a freshman at the University of
Maine got so cozy under the blanket one
evening that he cut a hole in it and
stuck his arms through a couple hours
later he'd already come up with all the
details for his business idea which he
called the Slanket up to now the company
has sold millions of blankets with
sleeves for $35 apiece and he could
still order you a favorite color on the
official website alex Craig and potato
parcel in 2015
24-year old mobile app developer Alex
Creed had a fun thought why not send out
potatoes with cute personalized messages
yeah he quickly founded the potato
parcel service and started to promote it
on reddit the idea was really simple you
buy a potato on a website and choose an
inscription of no more than 140 words
the company engraved your words and
sends the potato anonymously to any
address you want naturally Craig's List
of customers instantly became super-long
helping him earn millions of dollars
Jason Sandler and I wear your shirt
Jason Sandler the founder of the I wear
your shirt company originally got
inspired by a British students million
dollar homepage which was created to
help him raise money for his education
Sandler however used t-shirts to
advertise different businesses and wore
them for a certain price at first it was
just one dollar per day and he was the
only one who wore the t-shirts but this
approach turned out to be so effective
that he hired more people and by the end
of the year the price went up to 365
dollars a day Sandler
earned 5 million
dollars through I wear your shirt but
made a decision to close the company and
move forward with another business
however sometimes becoming a millionaire
isn't about a successful idea it's about
being in the right place at the right
time and this is exactly what happened
to Philip Ozersky he was just a
spectator at a baseball game when Mark
McGwire blasted his seventieth homer of
the year to set a single-season home run
record the hit was a line drive into the
left-field luxury boxes and the ball
bounced right into Philips hands he sold
the ball at auction for three million
bucks bought a house for his father and
donated some money to charity so I guess
you never really know what's waiting for
you around the corner so what's the best
business idea you've ever heard about
let me know down in the comments if you
learned something new today then give
this video a like and share it with a
friend but hey don't go anywhere just
yet
we have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out all you have to do is pick
the left or right video click on it and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life